Here you, here you, Harmontown is in session.
Welcome everybody to the NerdMill Theater in Hollywood, California.
How are you tonight?
Fantastic.
Please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
He's doing a little dance, little side to side, his feet are going side to side, his
hands are on his hips.
Oh yeah, sorry, it's a podcast, sorry, sorry about that podcast listeners.
You can't just dance on a podcast.
Oh, you can, and you should.
That's like the, when people who are big fans of LPs, that was the cracks, pops, and whistles
of listening to old school audio recordings metaphorically.
You don't see the little kicky dance when you listen to a Harmontown podcast, you have
to come here to NerdMill.
Your dances, historically speaking, are very kicky based, there's lots of little toe kicks
to the side.
I'm a little baby, and I'm getting prouder of it as I get older, which is good in a
Kubrickian sense, because as we know, we do become babies as we get older.
In my 30s, in my early 30s, there was a shame of the fact that I was a baby, because you'd
go out with women, sooner or later they find out you're a baby, and they actually say the
words, you're a baby, or you say them, I'm a baby, and I found a girlfriend who is okay
with me being a baby.
I specifically enjoy being what she calls a little cloud baby.
Would you explain?
I'd be happy to, because we're in a good mood tonight.
I have a big down comforter in my room, and it's white, and I like to crawl under it and
hold it up to my chin, and make a little baby face.
Aaron makes a sound that is exactly half horror, half orgasm.
Horror?
Yeah.
Well, because she's going out with a baby, and she wants a baby, but she doesn't want
to have to fuck it.
No, but it's making her dignity and her ovaries fight each other and explode.
It's like a twilight zone, be careful what you wish for.
Yeah, I can't imitate it, but I can make a little baby face in bed that will make Aaron
go, yeah!
Well, I'm in a good mood because I got a call from my doctor today, and I got really, really,
really bad news from him.
Congratulations.
I had lab work done, like they suck the plasma out of your body, and then they send it off
to a lab, and you fill out a clipboard.
What do you want checked?
I want everything checked.
I want to know if I've ever come close to herpes.
I want to know if I've eaten waffles, I want to know what my liver's doing, I want to know
my kidneys, everything.
Okay, this is a little over going to take a while, okay, fine, just give it to me.
This is time, I'm 39, and it's been a month that they called me today.
There was a mix-up with the phone number and they finally called me, and it's dark news
because I'm in perfect condition, and the reason it's dark is because now I'm going
to kill myself, like because I feel like he-man.
I've done nothing but abuse my body.
My doctor called me today and said, your cholesterol is well within allowances.
You know, we're a fat country, so I prefer to look at ideals.
You're one point away from the ideal.
I think if you do a little bit of exercise, you can knock it down to the ideal.
Ideal?
I'm going to go to the Olympics with my cholesterol.
My liver's fine?
Are you kidding me?
That is a lie.
Are you sure he's a doctor?
That might not be a doctor.
It may be an elaborate Kettle One-sponsor-con job.
I walk out of the place, and the whole facade of the Beverly Hills hospital falls down,
and it becomes a Kettle One factory.
It becomes a truck and drives off.
Well, it worked.
I'm going to do a little bit of exercise from now on, and knock that, what's the LDL on
the HDL?
It doesn't matter.
Who cares?
But here's what I care about.
I'm in perfect shape, Jeff.
I'm a perfect specimen.
Let's have a- I'm a super baby, a super cloud baby.
There's nothing wrong with me.
I have my blood sugar is low.
I can't get diabetes.
I could eat a million Twinkies.
It's impossible.
That's not true.
No.
You can get diabetes at some point.
If we live long enough, we'll all get diabetes.
You're not a doctor.
It's an age- it's an age-onset disease.
If you live to be a hundred, you're going to get diabetes.
If I live to be a hundred, they're going to have laser spiders that go in your veins and
cure your diabetes.
Dan, we're 200 years away from laser spider technology.
We're 100 years away from laser spider technology.
You're talking like you know that all of a sudden you know a lot about sci-fi.
Oh.
No.
Thank you for the segue, Jeff.
I went to the Chicago US.
Also, not only can you not see our Kiki dance, you couldn't see my smug satisfaction about
that segue.
I feel like- part of my instinct is because last week what we did is we had, and even
people who- unless you were here last week in person because we haven't podcasted that
episode yet, you don't know, we brought Spencer up when we embarked on our first D&D campaign
with Spencer.
And I'll probably let him recap it, but we-
I fucking hope so because I remember- we talked about mirrors for a long time.
We were pretty drunk, but we met on a road and we killed some goblins.
We went into a cave.
Lots of mirrors and lots of-
And then there was a lot of like- it was like a puzzle game for baby boomers, like missed
with a Y, like- it's like you rotate the mirror and then there was like a statue that
was red and then there was a shield that was red and-
Spencer-
We were so drunk and-
Spencer, who is our dungeon master, for those of us who are- or those of you who are not
following the saga of our D&D campaign, he walked up to me outside- when people are waiting
in line here at Meltdown Comics and comes up and he goes, he opened up his book and
goes, oh shit, I thought I forgot your characters, but I have them, but I forgot my die, I forgot
my 20-sided die.
And so we went to the front desk here at the comic book store and they were out of them.
And so yeah, so he's going to be rolling dice for us on his iPod application tonight.
Oh, really?
Because nobody here has a die.
20-sided?
No.
Jesus.
Okay, really.
Well, I think it's shame that's keeping you from admitting that you do.
If I aim for ignorance, I think some of you are wearing your shirt from prom night and
you forgot you have a 20-sided in your pocket.
Does anybody have a 20-sided die on them right now?
Always always keep it on you.
You would have been a hero tonight.
Well, we'll resume our thing with Spencer.
Well, that's what I was struggling with, was do we want to warm up for Spencer or do we
want to get him in early so that we're not so drunk that when we get hit with a mirror
puzzle, like, you know, that was the problem.
You're the mayor, baby.
All right.
Well, I want to hear a little bit.
Before we bring Spencer up, I want to hear a little bit about your trip because I haven't
seen you for four days and I went to San Francisco and Chicago since the last time we talked
about anything.
San Francisco, I thought there was an interesting thing.
I don't know if, you know, podcast listeners, some of you maybe are in San Francisco.
There's a guy on the outside the ferry building.
He's a very old, like, very Morgan Freeman-y black gentleman.
He's wearing an old kind of like suit, like, it's his only suit, kind of, you could sense
that.
He gets up in the morning and puts on his one suit.
He gives you a very Morgan Freeman vibe.
What do you mean specifically by a Morgan?
Well, you want him to tell you how to golf or play the clarinet or use the force or be
a librarian or love a woman.
You want him to, like...
You want a mystical black friend.
Yeah.
He zoos that air.
He's ancient and he's got a big smile on his face and he's holding a clarinet and he's
got the clarinet case with a recyclable bag in it for tips and he's got a hat on.
And when I walked up to, Aaron was going to the bathroom, the bathroom line was so long
that I got to kind of study this guy for a while.
So if you walk past him, all you see is, oh, it's a master of clarinet sitting on the,
literally on the dock of the bay, hanging out.
Watching the tide.
Roll away.
And my God, I wish I was a better person.
I wish I had more appreciation for whatever jazzy arts he could impart to me.
I was waiting for Aaron so long that I kind of stood behind him and watched what was really
happening.
He's really just...
He knows as much clarinet as I do, because he kept doing this thing, it was like an SNL
sketch.
He was continually re-reading his clarinet while he was talking to people.
He would shout out to people and then they'd stop and talk to him.
And then he was just continually in preparation to play the clarinet.
When I walked up to him, when I arrived at him, it was at the end of an encounter that
he was having for seemingly hours with this old white couple that were like, oh, no, no,
we got to go.
I'm sorry, we never got to hear you play, but here's the first five dollars.
And he's like, oh, I'll take care of her, oh, I wouldn't want to have her.
And then this other weird encounter happened where a guy walked by, it's like an 80-year-old
guy with a 50-year-old woman.
And the clarinet guy said, oh, what's going on?
He would just shout stuff out at random people.
He'd shout at several things out at me, but I'm a generation X, so I'd just go, huh,
and look at a bird.
But old white people would stop and go, well, you know, just the weather and the knees and
the kneecaps, ah, like they would have this old person language with like, ah, Truman
never got to eat, and they would engage each other, it was ants, you know, like a specific
species would get into it.
And so that happened, he snagged another old guy, it was like this 50-year-old white
woman and the old white guy, and the old white guy said, well, this is my daughter, and he
said, oh, I thought that was your wife.
And then the old guy said, oh, you wish me to have a heart attack?
Well, a woman this age, you know, that's a good way to wish you made me to get a heart
attack, you know, fucking my daughter.
That's 22% of deaths over the age of 75.
And then he kept walking away, and then the clarinet guy, he waited, it was like a block
away the guy, no way he was going to hear him, but he kind of like, the gears ground
and he kind of heard him, and then he thought of something to say to it, I wish sometimes
she was your wife, though, and then he finally, finally, played string of pearls.
So the 30 minutes that it took Aaron to go to the bathroom of this place, because the
line was so long, I finally saw this guy finally put this thing to his lips, because I think
part of the thing is, you know, he needs to at some point create a seam of like illusion
that like he just finished or just started playing clarinet, always just finished, always
just finished.
I was in his blind side, you know, like I was standing behind him, like flanking him
and just watching him, and so he put the clarinet to his lips, and I was like, okay, here we
go.
I blow my mind, or confirm what I suspect, and he went,
yeah, like, that's, that's already shot, scales, I think he was doing, but worse, because
he hadn't seen sound of music, and then put his prop back down, and then just started
shouting out everybody up here, I don't know if that's, you know, interesting to anybody,
but I thought it was very interesting, the clarinet is a very difficult instrument, there's
a guy, there's a guy that lives on my street, I don't know if he lives on my street, there's
a mystery person, I went away on a trip to France last year, and for three months before
I left town, I would hear, and it was like, start quiet and get louder and louder and
louder, and there was a clarinetist that had just taken up like fucking residence on my
street, and he would wander around, and I never saw him, and I went out of town, apparently
he had taken up residence on my lawn, and actually, somebody, a neighbor called the police and
took him to jail, the guy went to jail, and I wanted to kill the guy, because it was like,
the clarinet is not an easy instrument to play, it was terrible, and so he went to jail
for a while apparently, now he's re-emerged, and I don't know the name of the instrument,
but it's the one that you charm a snake with, in the middle of the fucking morning or afternoon,
there's a guy at the cobra phone, the cobra phone, and I finally saw him, he's an old
wisdom grade bearded guy with a giant clarinet thing with ribbons hanging off of it, it's
the worst.
Do you remember the guy, were you living in Los Feliz when that guy, he was a living,
he was the forest gump of 9-11, the Persian guy, one day before 9-11, not Iranian, Persian.
Every day before leading up to 9-11, because I lived in Los Feliz from 90, whatever, 2001,
like just every single day at the same time of day, there would be this guy, you would
hear him at any place in Los Feliz, he wasn't homeless, but he was clearly mentally ill,
I think he had a support system, and then his support system would say, yes, you can
take a walk, Kyle, and then on his walk, it was just an hour a day, I don't want to be
like Larry the Cable Guy and give him a name that I'm going to regret, but I don't want
to riff a name, but I want to assume his name's Kyle, his name was Xerxes, every day at the
same time, you would just hear this like in the distance, because I would be riding with
Schrab in my living room, and then you'd just hear from way in the distance here, and there'd
be like a Doppler effect, because he'd walk past your place like an ice cream man, and
it was before 9-11, and it didn't really matter, it was just like, oh, that's a different kind
of crazy guy, it's better than saying I want to strangle your children, I can't understand
it, it's kind of delicious, I like it, it's like an orange pop-up instead of the traditional
vanilla bean, and then fucking, it was so clear, like 9-11 happened, and because I was
living in the same place, and you just like never ever, that guy vanished, and he was like,
he did like some white van came and just sucked him up with a vacuum cleaner.
No, I think his family said, Kyle, no more walks, they're watching the news, as much
as we'd like you to get out of the house once in a while, we don't want you to get killed.
Yeah, they were watching the news of 7-11s with American flags draped in the front windows
because everyone was terrified of everybody, it was a horrible time, a lot of you were
six, and don't remember how horrifying it was, I remember the moments after 9-11, driving
with Jeff, my comptroller down Franklin Avenue, over where birds and UCB is there now, it
wasn't there then, and I remember just driving at night, and you couldn't drive, it was exactly
like after a hockey game, where someone won or lost that wasn't significant to the same
demographic, like the traffic blockers, because 9-11 happened and there was just, the traffic
was slow everywhere, you're like, why is traffic slow, is there a 9-11 happening here too?
No, it's just a bunch of 9-11 fans out in the street, and they're lining the street with
some of them with candles, okay fine, that's sentimental, that's nice, but I remember seeing
a bunch of dudes with baseball caps on backwards with a bed sheet that said USA on it, a bed
sheet that they just grabbed, I was like, wait Steve, grab the bed sheet, and write the name
of our country on it, it's crucial that we do it now, we're about to lose everything,
the towers have gone down, our beds are next, let them know on Franklin Avenue what country
this is, and they were chanting or driving, the cars were like, it was bumper-to-bumper
traffic, gridlock, and it was just people going, USA, USA, USA, USA, USA, USA, and Jeff
and I were coiling down in our seats, we're actors and writers, we're dead, the next ten
years is not going to be fun, but then we elected a black man, so what did I know?
That was several years later, society's never finished when you think it is, we're progressive,
it seemed that night that we were dead, do you have any, what do you think, Obama, Romney,
who do you like?
Boy, that Romney, he's got pluck, I spent five minutes, I thought that was a bit, I thought
it was a bit that he was actually the finalist, that he was the new McCain, I thought there
was an actual onion bit or something, he says nothing, it's insane, he's like a parody
of a parody of something that's already a parody, I'm not even, I characterize myself
as being left of what most people would call liberal because I really don't like the idea
that we all accept that government is necessary, it's a bummer and I know it is to keep everything
in place now, but I think that it should be our goal to go, what, can't everybody stop
telling people what to do, I just don't like this class of people running against each
other in these popularity contests and they've never done anything in their life, they've
never lifted a box, they've never washed a dish, they've never written anything, they've
never directed anything, I skewed charge my current audience in the last couple, they
were never nominated for a Hugo award, they don't know how to blow glass, they don't know
how to take care of children, they don't know how to eat their own food, I doubt, I bet
there's a guy that squeezes like a fireplace thing into their mouth with pudding in it
or something, or like Robocop paste, that's designed to keep them more political, they're
not real people, they don't do anything, it's democracy, so the idea is supposed to be,
the ideal is supposed to be that we would all be farming and then we would go, hey Steve,
you gotta be a councilman and Steve would go, fuck you, I got farming to do, sorry Steve,
you're a very charismatic farmer, we need you to go to the big city and make sure that
they understand how hard it is to farm out here, all right, but fuck you guys, two years
and I'm out, exactly, it's written into the rules, and that's supposed to trickle up that
mentality, like the guy that's president should be like to everyone in America, fuck you,
for making me do this, but I will spend, because I'm an American, I will spend the next four
years trying to make it as easy on you as possible, I'll try to keep these trains running
on time, and it just, but you know, our predilection for hero worship and royalty fucking took over,
and then who seeps in, these disgusting gross Oxford shirted fucking, they just gross schmooze,
these people, they're proto human, they don't, none of them, and I'm sorry, but I include
all your favorite people, and I think that, I do, and the fact that I'm afraid to say
the words, I include Obama for fear that I'll get, like politics turns us all into fascists,
you start to get afraid to say the wrong thing around your friends, and they capitalize
on that, instead of going the other way, which is to say, look, we all have a wolf in us,
we all want to chew each other's throats out, but we're also all monkeys, like we all just
want to fucking eat berries, so like let's try to spiritually realign ourselves, let's
find the sweet spot, yeah, right in the middle, like, that's what humans are, we're the monkeys
that survived wolves by turning, by adopting their practices a little bit, but we gotta,
you know, that's just such a bummer, every four years it gets more and more, I get more
and more crotchety, and I don't know what to do about it, young people get so excited
and you don't want to piss on that, because, like, of course Obama's a better president
than some fucking clone from a Republican vat in a basement, like, of the Pentagon,
like, of obviously, but that's like saying, like, diet Pepsi's better than piss, like,
neither of its water, like, water is what you need, you're dying of thirst, like, we
need to sustain ourselves, we're human beings, and I feel the same way about religious debate,
you know, when people go, oh, are you an atheist, or are you one of these snake handler types,
you know, I got like, like, oh, yeah, I have to choose between those two, you guys are
all on the same side, when you kneel before a fundamentalist god and like, quiver and
go like, oh, the Bible's a newspaper, here's what happened last Wednesday in 3,000 BC,
and also when you're getting out your slide rule and going like, well, I don't know until
I prove it, you all agree on one thing, you're all on the same side, because if I said one
thing, I could make you all disagree with me, if I said, Dan Harmon is god, atheists and
scientists would all throw rocks at me, they would all go, you're wrong, you're wrong,
you're not god, but maybe I am, why is that not allowed, that's the Ralph Nader of religion,
but for each of us, you're god, you're god, you're god, you're god, like everyone's going
like, step right up to the taste test, do you believe in god or not believe in god, last
name first, last name second, do you believe in god or not believe in god, do you believe
in god, do you choose between math and story about eating by a whale, you have to choose,
you have to choose, you have to choose, no, I don't have to choose, because both of those
exist and both came out of my species mind, I'm capable, I have a processor in my brain
that's more powerful than anything Apple could ever generate, because it's capable of thinking
two things at once, both equally, I am capable of creation, I am capable of mysticism, I
am capable of mythology, I'm capable of approaching my life from a logical and a mythical perspective,
but incapable of both and you want to compromise me, you want me in shackles, don't make me
choose between Pepsi and Coke, because you're just pushing corn syrup, that's it, and I
feel that way about politics and I feel that way about religion, and god damn it, I was
in a good mood when I came up here, we should bring Spencer up, Spencer get up here, Dungeon
Master Spencer, how's it going, come on stay Spencer, say hello to the crowd, let me get
up here, hello audience, Spencer I'm guessing you're a cat person, yeah I have a cat named
Jason, I'm a cat person too, you feel like a cat to me, I asked him to come up the stage,
he did so unwillingly, he's neither David Spade nor is he Roberto Bonini, he's right
in the middle, he just glares at you and if you have some kibble in your hand he'll eat
it, I love it, I don't know, I just wanted to say I love you, it's hard for our kind
to express love to each other, the Dungeons and Dragons people, it's true yeah, do you
love me, yeah I love you, I was just thinking that there should be a universal symbol of
just like acknowledgement and benevolence that we could just express to one another,
like if you wanted people to live for a long time but also prosper, if there was a way
with maybe a hand signal, something you could do with your fingers, or maybe two fingers
touch the other two fingers, just to get down to the logic of it all, you know I agree,
Dan Spencer, you know what it is, it's called a hug, no it's not, no if you're just driving
down the street and you see if I sit, hug, hug, hug, ah, kiss, kiss, kiss, kiss, it's
like a Greek wedding, anyways do we derail you or are you going to say something, just
yeah no, just the hand symbol is cool, yeah, I agree, I think we all agree, it's Harmontown
or we should be safe too, and in Harmontown the new Yahtzee will be Dungeons and Dragons,
you want to set up your stuff and, is it possible to cover the time of you having to unsheath
your tomes with a recap of what happened so far, unsheath your tomes.
The problem is I have a written down, unsheath your tomes, oh sorry, I don't know, no no,
follow your heart, follow your heart, make your books naked to the world, unbind your
pages, flip to the chapter of my heart, you did it, yeah, the television academy agrees,
gave me an Emmy for Best Original Lyrics once, I don't know if I ever mentioned that, anyways
we, for those of you who have never been here before, Jeff and I have embarked on a historic
new podcasting experiment, which is we're playing Dungeons and Dragons on our podcast,
it's probably someone else is doing it, but fuck them, it's podcast dynamite, this guy's
nodding in the front row, are you doing it on your podcast, is that why you're here?
No, but there's a lot of podcasts, all right, well, all right, fine, he said there's a lot
of podcasts, yeah, of course there is, that makes sense, D&D and porn are probably the
first things to arrive anywhere, there's a new technology, and they're the same people
asking that question, can we use this to role play while taking a break from jerking off?
Well, we should ask him, are there pitfalls or the things that we should do or not do?
Well, that's a good idea, well, let's bring him up here, could you mic him up?
You won't be humiliated, share it mic, what's your name, sir?
My name's Greg, so Greg, you've seen Dungeons and Dragons played on other podcasts, yes,
I've listened to it played on other podcasts, so are there, yeah, like Jeff said, are there
things that we should avoid?
Give us some do's and don'ts for podcasting our D&D campaign, like what's the biggest
mistake you think has ever been made aside from the action itself?
Also Greg, also Greg, Greg, take your shirt off, oh geez, okay, I've listened to a lot
of role-playing game podcasts, they do live D&D games and other stuff, generally I stop
listening to them because the people are sort of intolerable, so...
How interesting, well if that was going to stop anybody, I'd be dead by now.
How do we stay tolerable?
Yeah, expound on that, can you, without making too many enemies?
How about this, I'm going to lower your mic.
What makes them intolerable?
Generally it's people laughing too much at their own, when they quote Monty Python, nice.
No Monty Python quote.
Yeah, that sort of thing, you guys are new enough that you probably don't have any in
jokes from about four campaigns ago, but that's an easy thing to fall into, is in jokes.
In jokes are hard, I would suggest maybe keeping it short.
That's a good rule with anything.
I missed the last one, so I don't know how this went last time, but...
We didn't keep it short.
Yeah.
We fell into your third sand trap, there was a dog leg in the first fairway, ended right
there.
Yeah, since I'm on the spot, that did come up in line, while I was there.
There's people going, I hope they don't do three chapters of the laser lights with the
statues?
Yeah, I mean, having been stuck in mirror puzzle type things myself in D&D games, I would
say that if I was the DM, I might lean more towards something which would allow you guys
to role play and riff off each other, than having to figure something out.
Right.
All right.
Greg.
Greg, everybody.
All right.
Well done, Greg.
Thank you very much.
Well, that was a wolf in sheep's clothing, wasn't it?
Nobody expects the Spanish inquisition.
I'm sorry, I couldn't help myself.
Spencer, catch the audience up and catch us up.
Where did we leave off last time in our campaign?
All right, well, I should say, I was just testing the audience.
I do have dice.
I'm really disappointed in all of you.
He had actual dice.
He pretended to lose them to see who would have dice.
Oh, you were just a clever pawn in my game, Jeff.
Well, that's a dungeon master.
Also, that's a liar.
He's a mastermind.
All right.
You've got, you have your 20 side?
Yeah.
Yeah, I got it all.
You son of a bitch.
Don't underestimate him.
All right.
Or trust him.
Don't do either.
These are the chronicles of Sharpie and Quark, heroes whose names are etched into the very
walls of fate itself, who made destiny their bitch.
Our heroes were last seen hacking goblins to pieces and rearranging mirrors deep in the
bowels of the trove.
You are in the dark passage of a small cave, but you can see that it opens up into a great
cavern.
A pit stretches out before you, but you can see a rickety old bridge bridging the gap.
Oh, let's cross that bridge.
Yeah, I mean, if it was going to break, it would have broken by now.
Right.
I should warn you, across the cavern lies an enormous white pig wallowing in a glimmering
pile of treasure.
Wait, he's underneath the bridge?
He's across the bridge.
And if we cross that bridge, there's a white pig with some treasure?
Yep.
A living pig?
It's a gigantic pig.
A white pig?
A white and albino pig.
You can see it.
I have a plus seven against albino pigs.
I'm making that up.
He's making it up.
All right.
Well, rickety bridge worries me.
Well, okay.
But like I...
Craig, any ideas?
Yeah.
Yeah, I didn't think so.
It's just, yeah, it's fucking scary.
Got a rickety bridge, albino pig.
I want that treasure, Herman.
I want that pig.
I want that treasure sharpie butthole up.
I call out to the pig.
It doesn't seem to see you.
It's interest in wallowing in treasure.
I think it's an illusion, but the odd thing is, it's mocking us.
I think it's saying, hey, look, you're pigs, right?
You want treasure.
Maybe because of my small size, can I get across that bridge without any trouble?
You can definitely try to sneak across the bridge.
I'm going to sneak across that bridge, Spencer.
All right.
I'm rolling the dice.
Uh-oh.
All right.
You managed to cross the bridge, but you hear a couple creaks.
But I'm across it?
You are across it.
So I probably worried about that fat ass sharpie butthole out getting across it.
I'm not fat, I'm just not deformed.
I'm sorry, I'm a little people.
Hey, sharpie, get over here, it's great.
I heard creaks, fucker.
Check out the pig.
I check out the pig.
The pig is wallowing in treasure.
It stands a good 10 feet tall at the shoulder.
His eyes gleam yellow like topaz jewels.
Can I attack this pig?
You are far off.
You're about 30 feet away.
You'd have to charge it.
I'm going to charge a pig.
I didn't come this far to not charge pigs.
I'm a barbarian gnome.
I come from a long line of pig chargers.
Leaving sharpie across on the other side of the bridge, you draw your sword and charge
towards the pig.
It stands up in anticipation of your coming strike.
As you see it, you notice a few gold coins fall from its mouth.
You swing at the pig.
It's a treasure eating pig.
You miss.
Uh oh.
Oh shit.
Your blade glances harmly off the pig's skin.
You hear a sharp tink.
Uh oh.
I'm telling you, it's like some kind of golem or something.
I got to get over there and help my little semi-friend.
Just cross the bridge.
Jackass.
I'm getting my ass kicked by an albino pig over here.
I remember from my history that I cast Featherfall on myself to get out of that tower I was kept
prison in.
Uh huh.
So I assume that's one of my spells.
You've forgotten it.
How convenient.
The pig poises, ready to strike at your friend.
Alright, I bound across the bridge by the way, planting my full weight on each footfall.
With ease you cross the bridge, relatively few strides.
You're across the bridge.
Now you can like attack or cast a spell.
Or do nothing.
Even wait.
Alright.
Can I attack again?
It's his turn that would be the pig's turn then yours.
Does sleep work on potentially inanimate pigs?
You can certainly try it.
I didn't learn anything about it.
In wizard school you learned that if this was in fact some sort of construct pig it
wouldn't work, but if it was a living pig it probably would.
Right.
But living pigs are usually not ten feet tall.
Construct pig.
Ray of Frost.
You cast Ray of Frost, a blue beam shoots towards the pig.
The beam connects squarely in the face of the pig.
Fuck yeah.
See I'm not useless.
Yeah.
Took you long enough to get across that bridge.
He takes two damage of cold.
Let's hope it's a first level giant white pig.
The pig reacting to the beam hitting it in the face rears up and brings its feet down
on Jeff.
I can't talk.
Quark.
Yeah.
Am I okay?
Let's see.
Uh oh.
What's your armor class?
17.
Give it to me straight Spencer.
How am I?
I got a ten foot fake pig on me.
The pig foot lands on your chest but the armor manages to protect you.
You are on the floor but unharmed.
Sweet.
All right now go so you're on the floor so you can get up probably.
I'm gonna get up.
I get up.
You leap to your feet.
I run behind my friend.
High tailing it away you attempt to outrun the pig but the pig makes a swipe at your
back.
Oh shit.
I had my chance.
Much like the first blow this one manages to avoid hitting you.
All right.
You escape safely.
I do have a giant sword don't I?
Yes.
I would attack that pig one more time.
All right you whirl around and slash the pig in the face.
You connect with the pig's face.
A crack appears right across its nose.
We'll be right back.
Is it my turn?
You can go ahead.
Yes.
I have to ask you a quick question as a dungeon master.
Yeah any questions.
I have a list of spells here and then I have check marks on some of those spells.
You can cast the ones with check marks right now.
Later you can change them.
Oops.
Okay.
Oh boy.
Magic missile.
You cast magic missile on the pig.
A blinding sphere of light shoots forth from your palms and strikes the pig right in its
leg.
Leg.
Let me get a dice.
Aim for the face.
A dude.
I'm into the arcane arts.
You hit it for four damage.
See?
That's like twice as much as your sword by the way.
I didn't say out loud the sword did seven damage.
Oh.
Sorry.
Twice as much as my ray of frost.
I'm getting better.
Your arcane magic missile strikes the pig.
It is angry.
It charges you Sharpie.
It's barreling right towards you.
Let's see if it connects.
The pig plows right into you.
It knocks you up in the air.
When you land flat on your back, sprawled out.
You can go ahead, Jeff.
I want to kill this pig.
How does just a regular gnome barbarian like me kill a fake construct albino pig?
Can I swipe at it again?
Can you fly into a berserker rage?
Berserk rage.
I go into a rage.
You fly into a rage.
As your eyes turn red, the muscles on your body bulge and ripple.
Peace in size.
Get a room.
You lose all capacity to listen to logic and reason.
You can only take violent actions.
Let's do this thing.
You fly at the pig.
I'm going to kill a pig.
Slashing it across the side with your blade.
Give me 20.
You got a 17.
That's pretty close.
Oh, that's not bad.
You strike the pig on its flank.
Its side splits open and several coins fall out.
It's still on some of its last legs.
It's a piggy bank.
I just got that.
I can't hear logic right now.
I say that aloud.
You're talking to a crazy person right now.
I'm attacking a pig.
Have I...
Hey, Dan.
Is there a cork out of its belly?
Is there a cork in its belly?
I examined the pig.
Good job there.
You examined the pig.
Good Jew.
Yeah, good Jew.
The enemy of the pig.
Here we go.
You do notice on its underbelly is a faint line indicating maybe some sort of seam.
Come on.
It's a piggy bank.
Yeah.
Right.
Is there a little hammer I can get a hold of?
Crack it.
You can see some large lorox flying on the ground.
I shout out to my non-logical, hateful friend.
The belly.
There's a seam on its belly.
Target the belly.
Your shout rings out and he barely can manage to register it.
You're not sure if he understood your full meaning.
Okay.
I grab a rock and I attack the pig's belly with a rock.
You grab a sizable boulder and smash it into the side of the pig.
It shatters into pieces.
Sweet.
It's full of treasure.
The whole pig?
The whole pig is destroyed.
We beat the giant piggy bank.
We beat the piggy bank.
The whole thing was a piggy bank?
Beating the giant piggy bank was a metaphor or something?
It's for your destroyed innocence as adventurers.
I just made that up right this second.
Let's collect this treasure and wrap this segment up.
You count 3,500 gold pieces in coins.
Jesus Christ.
A few gems were recovered but you don't know their true values.
You see a large, no, a small jade statue of a lion.
It seems to be glowing softly.
It looks rather heavy.
As well as a box.
A wooden box.
Let's put that jade lion in the box.
The lion does not fit in the box.
He don't fit in the box.
Don't be defensive.
Calm down.
Stop trying to do logical things.
My eyes are still red.
I'm sorry.
You're starting to come down.
Take it easy.
For future reference, don't just open boxes we find in treasure piles.
Or do.
Open that box.
Or don't.
I'm going to open that box.
I'm still illogical.
I open the box.
It's full of scrolls.
You don't understand.
Those are mine.
That's obviously literati stuff.
Using your wizard eyes you can tell that there are two scrolls of magic missile and two scrolls
of burning hands.
Nice.
I'll take them.
You also see a large gold sword.
I'll be having that sword.
As you reach through the sword, you notice a warmth in the grip.
You hold it aloft and it emanates bright light.
We're talking about jerking off, right?
What's going on over there, Quirk?
I'm just grabbing a warm sword handle.
Why is it warm?
I don't know.
You tell me.
Is it just warm as he grabs it or is it?
It's magic.
It's just generally warm.
Can I investigate the sword?
You investigate the sword.
This blade is a bronzy gold color and it has runes that you don't understand etched into
them.
The handle is bound in green leather.
Here's my vote.
We gather all this shit up best we can.
Take five.
Yeah, take it back to town.
We make Spencer do the grub work of adding this stuff to our inventory so that we can
analyze it in another installment.
Look, a full day's work.
We crossed a bridge.
Another day?
Another 3,500 gold days.
We killed the giant piggy bank.
Spencer, everybody.
Spencer!
All right, Quirk, Greg, let's go to our Judges and Dragons segment, Judge Greg.
Our man on the street.
And see how that compared to his vast compendium.
Greg, what'd you think?
That was really good.
I give Spencer props.
It must be really hard.
The whole time I was looking over him and just wondering how he could not freak out.
All right.
It seemed like props.
Then again, in my early stand-up days, when you wanted to fuck somebody over, if you were
MC, you would come up after them and go, keep it going, folks.
Comedy isn't easy.
But I don't think that was the spirit in which that was offered.
You liked it, right?
No, he liked it.
That was sincere.
Do you have any advice for us, like things to do or not do next time?
No, I can't.
I got nothing.
You were thrilled.
I'm thrilled.
You were entertained.
Fantastic.
We did it.
It was good.
We had a good, we had a good, we had a good.
Anybody else out there have any questions?
Yes, ma'am, right there?
Examine before you fight.
A young lady in the crowd says, examine before you fight.
Look, I'm a barbarian gnome.
If I examined before I fought, I'd be taller.
All right.
That's good advice.
What's your name, ma'am?
Jen.
Jen says examine before you fight.
Let's try to hear her ethereal voice next time we enter a battle.
Examine.
You should always examine before you fight, gentlemen.
I will say in my defense, Jen, I didn't know we were in a battle until my friend charged
across the bridge and attacked the pig.
When I see a pig, I don't think time to fight.
I think time for breakfast or a delightful Disney conversation.
The last thing I thought was that we're going to be fighting it.
I sent him across the bridge to test it because he's lighter.
Right.
I win, Jeff.
All right.
You blame me?
Yeah.
Well, I'll take it.
Have you played D&D before?
No.
This is life lessons.
Examine before you fight.
Examine?
That should be written in Latin on the Harmontown flag.
Examine before you fight.
Pick your battles.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
I want to hear a little bit about your trip to Chicago.
Aaron gave me a couple of little nuggets about the clientele at the Hugo Awards.
Can I hear a little bit about that?
It was very interesting.
I'll tell you, the Hugo Awards, both at the pre-reception, explain to everybody what the
Hugo Awards are.
Oh, I'm sorry.
It's the Hugo Awards are the science fiction awards.
But we were nominated for one for the Community Episode Remedial Chaos Theory, which involved
multiple timelines and technically qualified as science fiction, I guess, because it asks
the question, what if, which is how I would define sci-fi.
We were honored, and Chris McKenna, the writer of the episode, and I went with Chris's brother
and my girlfriend, Aaron, to Chicago to go to the Hugo Awards ceremony.
It was amazing to be back in the Midwest, and specifically to be back in the Midwest
in a science fiction environment because of the body shapes.
I have been the fattest guy in Los Angeles for a long time.
I was like, from Krypton to Earth, like in Wreck-O, I was like, wow, I am hot, and able-bodied.
Lots of rascals, lots of leg braces, lots of scooters, lots of steampunk tanks to help
people breathe, goggles, tears.
Those are called oxygen tanks.
Just a lot of gimmicks and things.
It was very cool.
These are my people, after all, and all of you are here just because we moved to LA to
try to force our will on the public.
It doesn't mean that we are extra sexy or anything, but I like to think that the Harmon
Town people are nerdy people, and so I was definitely home.
But it's just very interesting, like the archetypes, like the rotund women who want
to dress fancy, nothing is lost on them of the idea of, let's have a big fancy ball,
but they all want to do like, well, fancy means Victorian, or like Dragon times.
So everyone is kind of like wearing these costumes.
Everything is as fancy as they can muster, but without buying into the bullshit, like
black tie paradigm, so everyone is walking around, it's like Dr. Demento is walking around
getting teacakes with women dressed like just Aphrodite, and no music, never.
From the moment we got there to the moment we left, and we left soon because there was
no music, and we weren't like, we're too cool for this.
We got there before the awards show, we were told, show up two hours before the awards
show to this reception.
So you're in this like banquet hall, no music.
Everybody like totally cool, they're all good people, they're all clearly like, they've
all been bullied, and they're all very smart, and they've all dressed to the relative nines.
As per their galactic definitions of the nines, they're dressed to the nine kelvins.
So like I said, there's like octopi walking around, and that's not true.
I don't want to conjure that image.
You've all been to Comic-Con where there's a storm trip, or this wasn't like that.
This was like an eyes wide shut kind of like back room at a real sci-fi convention, you
know?
Like you're not allowed to, like these are like the people that are into sci-fi books,
and maybe a couple movies if they're really book based.
They like the smart stuff, and I think they like fucking.
It's like there's a lot of cleavage, a lot of like just taking your boobs and pouring
them into things.
Like Renaissance fair kind of stuff, the Renfaire, there's lots of bodices.
It felt a little Renfaire-y, yeah, yeah, like in the sense that it was like, yeah, let's
be fancy tonight, but let's not buy into Hugh Jackman's version of fancy.
Did they embrace you?
Did they recognize you or know you?
I think we felt, I'm sure everyone felt this way, but we felt very nerdy, we felt outcast,
we felt lonely.
You were nerdy at the sci-fi?
Right, because we were just guys in suits, and so we found a table, like you did in high
school, and just found a quiet corner and sat, and then some people like made the effort
to talk to us, and then we loosened up a little bit, but we felt very like outside and kind
of off-put.
And for good reason, because I went and we checked in at the convention, the woman that
checked us in said, what's your name, and I said, Dan Harmon, and she said, oh, community,
I love that show, love that episode, I said, oh, thank you very much, I said, you're not
going to win.
Oh, no.
She said, I don't mean any disrespect, but you're up against the doctor's wife, written
by Neil Gaiman, who is the David Lee Roth of science fiction, apparently.
And this episode was the Panama of Neil Gaiman, thanks, that's up.
And there was just no way we were going to win, and she did me the courtesy of letting
me know that as I got my name tag, which I appreciate.
Was there any rehearsal for your interaction with the show?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, they asked that we show up early, and I've been involved in other award shows, and
this has never happened.
We had to show up for an orientation in case we won, which just adds to the humiliation
of losing, but also it was like a real, it was weird.
We walked in, and this woman just, she was like five foot nothing, and she had designed
the award.
Oh boy, I don't know how to explain this.
I want to impart to you guys the misery, so that you can turn it into enjoyment.
But I don't know how to do it without making you miserable.
You walk in, and you're in the space, and they explain to you how to walk upstairs.
And I guess basically everyone there has Asperger's, every single person.
That's what's normal.
The attendees or the rest of the audience?
Every single person, every security guard, every bartender, every woman that's going
to hand you a trophy, or the woman that made the trophy, the people voting for the trophies,
everyone in attendance, everyone has Asperger's.
It's just Asperger, Ascon.
And so I walked in, and they, because they were just like, ah, welcome, as it pertains
to, the obligatory instructions will now proceed.
You see the stairs are in the center of the stage.
If you win, and should you win, I will not presume that you should win.
However, I should, the condition that you should win, if it was your ex-organ, I suppose
you might win.
If you do win, please proceed in an orderly fashion, up these stairs in the middle of
the stage.
If you try to go up the left or right stage, you will instantly break your legs, as there
are no stairs.
So go up the middle, there is an X mark on the stage where you would pause with the
statue.
Do not hold the statue, there are glass wings on the statue, do not hold the mic handles,
or it will shatter, and that would be a bad thing.
Investigate stairs.
I investigate the stairs, I investigate the stairs.
There was a giant pig on the top of the stairs?
It was just 40 minutes of people telling you what to do, should someone give you an award.
And it turns out what you should do is go up the stairs, take the statue, thank everyone,
and leave.
That's what you should do.
But it was just, they Arthur C. Clarked it, man.
There was no music during the awards ceremony?
Back to that.
So that was the rehearsal, we had to show up for that, that was the orientation.
Then we were ushered to the back of the room where the woman who invented the awards, designed
them for the last three years, she's the genius that put glass wings on the back of a rocket
ship that you can't hold them by.
So it was another 40 minutes of her explaining, don't hold the rocket by the instinctive place
where you would hold it if it was handed to you, and it acted like, instead of an apology,
it was just like presumption.
It was like, hey, fuck you for thinking you should hold this thing in any other way than
the prescribed function, and just told you how to mail it back to yourself in a special
box if you want it.
You did walk out of there thinking two things, fuck, if I don't win this thing I'm going
to feel like shit, and on the other hand, I just saved myself an asshole to work.
She showed you how to polish it.
She showed it, and everyone kept saying, because the statue's shaped like a rocket, don't hold
it like a dick, because it looks like a dick.
No one's just saying that we're a dick, it looks like a dick.
Everyone keeps making jokes about how it looks like a dick, but no one says it looks like
a dick.
All the women keep going, oh yeah, they're told it doesn't have to hold it like this,
or clean it like this, or hold it like this, yeah, because it looks like a dick, it looks
like a big silver dildo.
So own it, or fucking...
Or bone it.
Yeah, so we got the tutorial about how to clean it, this is a fucking thing that I'll
never see again in my life, and now I know how to clean it and send it off and mail it
to myself.
So you didn't win.
As Aaron pointed out, a simple three by three Xerox set of instructions taped to the bottom
of the statue would have sufficed, I think, if you want to get a look on the bottom.
Oh, here's how I mail this back to LA, but we went through a lot of that stuff, then
we went to the reception.
No music, no fucking music.
Was there music when people accepted the award?
No.
They didn't play them on?
No, I'm telling you, I'm taking you through this chapter by chapter, there's three chapters
to an award show, the reception, the award show itself, and then the post-afterparty.
No music at either of those things at any point.
Imagine an award show, first of all, imagine a reception, where everyone's just eating
tea cakes and going like, hey, what are you nominated for?
I don't know, no music, you're just standing in a room, and then they all go, everyone,
come in here, come into this room, and then you go into the room, and then they go, it's
time for the awards.
No, it should have been.
Silence.
It should have been.
It's a dead man's party.
Who could I...
It should have been, like, the greatest adventure, or the theme from Enception, or fucking anything.
Like, what are nerds better at than fucking, like, soundtracks?
You know, yeah.
Like, that's what we love.
I guess it would...
Maybe somebody complained or something.
You know what it was?
I guarantee you, some asked Bergey, and the person was like, the tech is not good tonight,
the speakers are not up to snuff, I will not play my set list with sub-par speakers.
Good news and bad news.
The good news is, the sound system is optimized for verbal communication.
There will be no pops and whistles.
The bad news is, it's basically anti-optimized, or de-optimized, for anything other than it,
which happens to include tonight's selection of music, which is provided by Angela, and
I wish she was not consulted about this, and so I don't know what is happening at this
point in time, so I physically don't know what to do.
All right, Stephen, well, I guess no music then.
Or someone just forgot to play music, because that happens a lot.
I was thinking that somebody complained the previous year, and they were like, I don't
understand why there's music playing, you know, like, some music offended them or something.
Your Ben Folds 5 seems to be running contrary to my life.
It just wasn't logical to play music.
And so they just stripped it down, so this award ceremony was just a, like the trophy
itself, was just a silver dildo, just like a, just a finely shaped thing that could just
impale you.
Did anybody make any silver dildo jokes, or was it?
Well, only before and after the show.
Not during the show.
Nobody, here's what everyone did, because everyone had been instructed as we were about
how to hold the trophy and how to handle it, and to not make it look like a dick when you
held it.
So every single person who won an award accepted it from the woman who hands you the award,
and then looked at it like a soiled baby and handed it off to someone else.
Are you happy you went, or would you rather have not, not have gone?
I'm very happy I went.
I got, I got a 20 minutes of me being a big fucking asshole bully out of it, in my podcast.
No, I don't know, I was happy I went, like I said, I was honored to be there.
But it was, as I've said, it was my big, big, big chance to lose to Dr. Who instead of Big
Bank 30 for a change.
Like, that's a, you know, that's nice, that feels good.
To rate a sitcom that gets nominated for a sci-fi award, I'm doing something right slash
wrong.
I wanted to be there for that.
You got two TV deals with two different networks coming up.
Thank you.
Was it CBS and Fox, right?
Yes.
Thank you.
Those probably aren't going to be sci-fi shows.
Do you think you could write a sci-fi show that would compete, like with the likes of
Dr. Who and things like that?
I don't know.
Do you think you could do it?
I think probably, because TV, TV's big secret is like, you just have to, all you have to
do is write a good pilot, you hire a bunch of really talented people or just like, you
know, you just farm their sadness.
I don't think there's anything that's impossible in TV, because no way, it's the Henry Ford
principle.
Like, do you think it's possible to make a jet pack?
Yeah.
If you put it of Korean people in a warehouse and starve them to death, yeah.
If you murder enough people, you know, if you...
That's the Henry Ford theorem?
Yeah.
If you chain it of human life together and make each person do one small thing, like,
yeah.
You could do anything.
You're saying you could write a sci-fi show if you put enough Korean people in a warehouse.
Yes, yes.
That's my promise to you tonight.
On this election eve.
God, I think...
Ordered by Nike.
Wasn't it Archimedes who said, give me enough Korean people?
Give me enough Koreans in a warehouse.
Give me 100 Koreans in one warehouse.
And I can write you a...
I will give you a hit UPN show.
If you could write...
At the top of your head, if you could write a sci-fi show, what would the premise be?
Well, I would either do it...
My first answer would be time travel in general.
I love time travel.
I'd love to do a time travel show.
Do it.
Fuck you, lady.
No.
That's the...
That's the investigative before you fire me.
Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.
Yeah.
Hey, examine before you yell out, do it.
Now, what she really meant, that was a reverse heckle.
That was a high road heckle.
She's like, do it.
Get off stage.
Go write something.
That's why you...
Get us out of here.
I agree with you.
Time travel, I'd love to do.
Why time travel particularly?
I don't know.
I just think it's...
What's the wish fulfillment in time travel?
Because there must be, right?
Well, no, I don't...
I don't know.
What's the fetish of time travel for you?
Well, no, because you would say...
No, I think, well, okay, yeah, yeah, empowerment.
That's what it is.
Because if I could be...
If I could go to any time, I would fantasize about like,
if my whole garage with all of the stuff that was in my Prius
got transported to 1920,
then not only I'd be like, I could be like Batman,
because I'd have a Prius.
What do you have on that Prius?
I'd just be competing with like, machine gun Kelly.
He'd have like this shitty old car.
And a machine gun.
He'd still kill you.
I know, I know.
I didn't think my fantasy through, Jeff.
Because I also got like, oh, yeah, I'd have GPS.
No, I wouldn't.
The satellites wouldn't be there.
But I just think it's a cool idea to...
Your Prius, yeah.
It wouldn't have the right octane.
You were talking about just a normal guy in 1920's Chicago.
I think that would be cool.
If you were like, you had to like dress up in a suit,
and you're like, hey, you know, I don't know.
Yeah, wish fulfillment.
That's everybody's...
Yeah, everyone has a time that they'd like to go to.
We all have the fantasy of going back like,
oh fuck, what if I was like, if I knew what I knew now
and could go back to like junior high school.
I'd be the coolest guy in the world.
But still, I would still be bad at math.
I couldn't save anybody's life.
I'd be bad at all the time in the middle of it.
Also, you'd be the biggest loser in the world.
Like you would be more honest with girls.
They would be bigger losers.
There would be a couple things that you would nail
and then everything else would fall apart
that ever went together for you.
Well, there's your movie.
Well, I think that was called Happy Gilmar.
Or wait, no, what was the other one?
Happy Madison, Billy Gilmar, Billy Madison.
I think Adam Sandler was in it.
He went back to school and he went with his jean jacket
and his ACDC music.
He found out that you actually wouldn't be cool in high school.
Oh yeah, I never saw that.
Yeah, because high school is its own culture.
It's not based on any actual empirical thinking.
It's based on the hormonal and like in the moment thing
of like a bunch of young people.
They're right and we're wrong.
So Greg, how's Dan doing right now?
As a podcast.
I have the feeling you're looking for a way to end your podcast.
Yeah, he's right.
I have a better control.
I would have ended the show right there,
but I'm not going to do it.
Oh, all right.
All right.
Let's figure this out.
Does anybody have a question?
Anybody like to?
Oh yeah, yeah.
Raise your hand.
Okay, there.
Shout it out.
Thank you sponsorship.
He's calling out for a callback to the Nike sponsorship.
Yeah, well, he's talking about, what's your name back there?
Daniel.
Daniel asks what happened to our Nike sponsorship thing.
I think we have to figure out how to do that.
We were trying to strong arm Nike into giving us money
or actually any sponsor by saying that Nike were terrible people
and then promoting Adidas.
Yeah, we should probably hit that real quick.
Everybody buy Nike because you're racist.
Yes, Nike.
The delicious shoe for the foot of the Aryan nation.
You know, Dan, while you were talking about Nike
and their overt racism,
I was thinking about how comfortable I am tonight
and my Adidas.
It's a new shoe called the Adidas made by Puma.
It's the new Puma Adidas.
We can't fucking do this, right?
We need to sponsor what we're saying.
We got all tangled up.
The answer to your question, Daniel, is we fucked up.
We tangled in forces.
We tried to, you know, strong arm Nike,
but Nike doesn't give a shit.
We tried to out Avenue Madison Avenue.
Yeah, we tried to out Avenue and Avenue.
It's impossible.
They're already at Avenue.
I don't care.
I tried to stab a piggy bank earlier.
We don't fucking know what we're doing.
Welcome to failure.
Any other questions?
Anybody have a question for Dan Harmon?
Right here, sir.
Is Kettle One your drink of choice,
or is that just for bulk drinking?
or is it just for bulk drinking?
It's my drink of choice.
Therefore, I drink it in bulk.
Why Kettle One?
You can sense everyone's excited.
They're like, this is an ending.
It's like that.
You guys want to help.
You're like, it's a closer.
I used to go bodyboarding when I was in high school,
and you would be out in the ocean,
and you get so tired,
and sometimes a wave would kick your ass,
and you'd almost drown.
It's gonna be one good wave
to take me back into the beach.
I'll get on its side.
It doesn't have to be great.
I'll still say cowabunga, no matter what.
I'm gonna roll into a ball.
Just get me back to the beach safely.
You know, Dino's daughter got stung by a stingray.
Yeah, Dino's sample toppled his daughter,
got stung by a stingray.
The same animal that killed the...
Sea verwin.
Yeah, if it stings you right,
it'll fucking kill you,
even if you're an alligator wrestler.
By all accounts, it's bloody fucking painful
to get stung by a stingray.
And she's been stung by a jellyfish,
and she got her finger grounded
like a meat grinder on a field trip.
And the same week that she got stung by a stingray,
our friend's daughter, who was what,
12, 13, 14, what is she?
Somewhere around that, right?
Around 12 years old?
Come on, Dan, help me out.
Wait, who are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
Tigger.
Right.
Our friend's daughter.
How old is she?
Oh, 12, 13.
Yeah, I don't know.
She got...
Well, watch out.
I can't wait to hear the recording.
Who was...
I'm like, what...
What do you...
Yeah, she's 12, 13.
The same week that she got stung by a stingray
and screamed bloody murder,
and it's very painful.
She also dove into a pole into the flip
and scraped her face off.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
They all got in the car accident.
It's like they were, like, backing up,
and something like that.
Like, they were parked,
and somebody sideswiped them,
and they, like, her and her mom got whiplash.
Same week.
She's marked for death.
She's a...
Final destination.
Thank you, ma'am.
That's exactly what I was thinking of,
the final destination movie,
which, by the way, are surprisingly good.
You would never think on paper...
applause, yes, for the...
In a post, Freddie Krueger, Jason Borger,
we went too far with the,
like, who's next?
He's got forks for toes.
His name's Steven.
Like, we kept trying to come up with
an understated...
Well, Jason, Freddie, Mark, Kyle.
Douglas.
Douglas loves fire.
He's got fire feet.
Obviously, that had to give.
Final destination.
It's pretty...
On paper, you go, like,
oh, these kids, they go,
you know, in the beginning of each
of these movies, they go,
ah, we're kids.
We love having sex.
Let's get on the roller coaster,
and then someone goes, like,
wait, I got to tie my shoe.
Don't get on the roller coaster.
And then they don't get on it.
And then they,
let's take pictures of each other,
like, so we can rip off
the Damien thing.
And then they,
so then the roller coaster,
like, crashes,
big 9-11 thing happens.
And...
But then one kid is looking
at the pictures and goes, like,
whoa, all your faces are, like,
fucked up, or there's a shadow
of a thing, like, like,
we were supposed to die
on that roller coaster.
Now, everyone who's,
the whole movie is every kid
who was supposed to die
on the thing gets killed
by, like, a nail gun,
or their dad closes
the garage door in their head.
Welcome to your
Grandpa Reviews movies.
Don't, don't, no!
I want more to say,
don't force that ending.
Don't die.
You see, he almost,
he almost pressed, like,
fuck you.
I had my finger on the trigger,
and yet...
I think, I think you can do better,
and I think they deserve worse.
Yeah.
No.
This is the final destination.
We're not accepting charity,
brother.
We're gonna be here
for fucking three more hours.
Yeah.
We're gonna start breakfast here.
I'm just saying,
those are surprisingly good movies.
I think I've caught, like,
two and five.
I don't know.
I've never seen them.
They're pretty good, man.
Have you, have you heard about
Rosina's movie, Margers?
Has anybody seen that piece of shit?
One person backstage.
Anybody out there?
There's two Margers out there?
Yeah.
Two Margers.
Margers?
Marters.
Like a martyr.
I thought it was about, like,
loosely...
No.
Manju, there's 3.5 inches!
My advice,
my advice to you,
is it French, right?
The director is a French woman.
My advice to you is,
don't see it.
Do not see it.
Unless you like
misogynistic French directors
beating women
for fucking 13 years,
and then ending on a kind of like,
like, oops,
we did it!
Like, I said,
that's the movie.
Somebody fucking gave me that movie,
a bartender at the fucking drawing room,
gave me that movie,
like, Jeff, you like weird movies.
Watch Marters.
It's crazy.
Get to the end.
I watched it halfway through.
I texted her,
like, I hate you,
and I hate everyone you know,
and I hate this movie.
And if I ever see you,
I'm gonna,
I'm gonna do to you
what this movie did to me,
and I'm going to beat you,
and tie you,
and feed you pea soup,
and beat you to death,
like the fucking women they do,
and skin you alive,
and then have no ending.
And then I watched the ending,
I'm like,
okay, it's a pretty good ending,
but don't watch the movie.
Don't fucking watch Marters,
or Jeff.
When you watch the DVD,
they gave me the DVD
that you can't fucking,
it's not in stores,
it's not, you can't go to your fucking,
it's not on Netflix.
And there's a good reason,
because it's fucking,
it's an atrocity.
And I watched the movie,
and I've never seen a movie,
the DVD options are play-movie,
subtitles, audio options.
One of them was play-movie,
play-movie with director introduction.
I've never seen that,
and there's a little kind of
chubby French guy,
who goes like,
he's standing by,
his collection of DVDs,
there's like,
everything that Quentin Tarantino did,
and he's like,
I'm sorry,
that you have to watch this movie?
If you went online,
and watched the,
since the reviews on the internet,
I wish you had not,
I wish you come in as a virgin,
and do not watch the,
come in just open.
I feel,
I'm sorry for what I made.
And he spends 10 minutes
apologizing for his movie.
I'm glad I watched that,
because if I didn't,
I would never have watched it.
If I see him,
I'm still gonna kick him in the dick.
Don't watch murders,
but do.
Well, Jeff,
I'm glad that this came up,
and in fact,
I knew it would,
because tonight has been
a labyrinthine manipulation
to get it to come up,
because the director of
Martyrs is actually here
in the front row.
Here he comes.
What's wrong?
Well, what's the problem?
I already apologized
in the thing.
I just feel like you hate women.
I love women.
Well, yeah,
how come only women
get beaten up,
and the men never do?
Because they are there.
Why Clam Mount Everest?
The beautiful women are,
their ability to be beaten
is an expression
of post-modern alphabet.
Post-modern alphabet.
What would a post-modern alphabet be?
It would be like a woman,
it would be like the figure eight,
the violin,
the curves,
the femininity,
the beautiful punchable parts.
Now, I feel like,
because it's only women
being tortured,
brutalized,
and beaten to death,
to the point of,
like,
within an inch of their life,
and actually to death,
the fact that you made
the bad guy a woman
seems like an apology.
That seems like you're just trying
to get away with misogyny
by making the over,
like,
the main bad guy also a woman.
Touche.
End the shot.
Point at me and yell it.
Then do it.
Do it.
Point at me and yell it.
He should have ended the shot.
I'll do it.
No, no.
It's too late.
No.
I want you to beg for it,
you piece of shit.
You're like a woman
strapped to a chair,
forced to poop in a bucket.
You're martyling yourself right now.
I want you to look
on your face when you die.
I'm Barrow from the Masters,
the Eli Roth,
the Sam Peckinpah.
Oh, Sam Peckinpah.
Again,
anybody,
let's see Sam Peckinpah films.
Sam Peckinpah.
Zero.
Welcome to the fucking Thunderdome.
Sam Peckinpah,
known as a great director.
However,
in every fucking movie he made,
and enjoyed rape,
rape is justified.
Rape is not,
not case for rape.
Yeah,
not just justified,
but women fucking like,
no, no,
maybe,
yes,
oh,
my hero.
Fucking boo.
That guy is fucking gross.
Sam Peckinpah,
yeah, Wild Bunch is a good movie,
but still,
fucking,
that guy creepy.
How about this?
Gentlemen,
there are men in the audience.
There's got to be a way to guarantee a closer.
There are men in the audience.
Does it have a costume contest?
A costume contest?
Yeah.
On a podcast?
All right, let's do it.
No, no, no, no,
that's a bad idea.
Let's do it.
Yeah,
I would say
if you're a gentleman out there
that's a writer,
TV,
screenwriter,
films.
Come up and knock my hat off.
Chew your idea.
Zach,
back here,
our tech guys
wants you to wrap.
Wrap up the show.
Well,
wrap up the show.
Oh,
wrap like an art form,
like a Nelly,
someone called.
How about this,
Dan?
Let's see if I can pull this off here.
I'm going to pull up Johnny Cash.
We're going to do a Johnny Cash song.
Think about summing up the show right now.
Here's an interesting topic.
I bet you could break this room
into two groups of people,
people who like,
like keep listening to different songs
and then do,
I'm in the other group.
Can you just like,
do you land on a song
and it doesn't matter,
like you just wear it out
or just like,
like put it on a loop
and you're just like,
oh,
I love this song.
And you get a little embarrassed about it.
I remember when I was a kid,
my dad,
we're right now,
just to equate myself with this,
like,
because we were playing Rockstar
and that song
by the yeah, yeah, yeah,
is that like,
wait,
they don't love you
like I love you,
wait,
they don't love you.
I fucking love that song so much
and she playing it,
playing it,
playing it over and over.
And,
but I remember my dad
when my parents separated,
he kept playing
turn around bright eyes, like,
total eclipse of the heart.
Yeah, yeah,
yeah,
total eclipse of the heart.
Parentheses turn around bright eyes.
I remember being in my room,
like 10 years old
and like hearing that song
on a boombox in my kitchen,
like living alone in a house
with my dad
and like,
like just hearing that song
just kept playing
over and over again.
And it was,
I couldn't leave the house.
I wanted to go play.
I was,
at that point,
finally willing to play baseball.
I was,
I would do anything to get out of my room,
but I couldn't leave
because any path would take me past
my father who I could hear
was playing Eclipse of the Heart
like on a loop.
It was really weird.
You sang the house
with like a powder keg
and giving off sparks.
Wait, what?
I don't know.
I really need you tonight.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I blacked it out.
I don't know.
But it kept playing.
Come on, Harmon.
Which one is this?
I'm sorry this show was bad.
I'm sorry it went bad.
I'm sorry it got slower.
And that you rhymed bad with bad?
Oh, thank you.
Jeb Comptroller.
For signing with negativity.
I guarantee this won't be a closer.
Because it's impossible
to rhyme with negativity.
Nativity.
Good night, everybody.
We fucking did it.
Thank you for coming to Harmontown once again.
No.
All right.
I knew you were going to say that.
There will be a real closer.
No.
It'll be genuine.
I'm defiant.
I was going to end that motherfucker.
No.
It doesn't matter.
You can end on anything.
These people have all been at things
that have ended badly.
I don't accept that ending.
There's got to be a new way.
Fuck.
All right.
There's no way out.
You're on your own.
There's got to be a way out.
There's no way out.
No.
These people are hostages.
There's a way out.
All right.
The guy is fucking settled in.
This is it.
All right.
You, sir.
What's your name?
Andy.
Okay.
Andy, what's your favorite comfort food?
That's tough, Andy says.
Steak.
Okay.
Andy likes steak.
All right.
What's your name, sir?
Jason.
Okay.
What is your least favorite food?
Seafood.
Okay.
All right.
Andy likes steak.
Jason hates seafood.
And that is the title of the movie I'm about to improvise.
Do you want theme music or are you good?
Theme music, please, obviously.
No, hang on.
We can do better than that.
Sir, something's gone wrong.
What is it, Jason?
It's the steak.
It's threatening all the seafood.
Let's get out there and rectify that situation.
Yeah, I just, I was coming here to suggest that.
I can't go over your head.
I wasn't saying that you should.
I'm just like, sir, is there something wrong?
Yeah, I get insecure.
I feel like I got promoted before you.
Don't let that worry you.
I've always respected you.
I know that.
Let's get out there.
Get the Jeep.
The steak Jeep?
Tom Clancy Chiron, steak zone, sector seven.
Incoming seafood!
Let's go fuck up some seafood, motherfuckers!
Gentlemen, sector seven is clear.
All in the steak zone, say, who are...
I suggest we camp out for the...
What was that?
I got movement.
What?
Stand down, Lieutenant.
No, sir, I got movement.
You will silence yourself.
We're going on R&R.
Our hubris is primary.
We will relax.
We will not pay attention to any incoming data.
But sir, I don't...
Seafood!
Oh, shit!
Oh, my fucking asshole!
Oh, I'm getting ripped out of my pussy!
Oh, my intestines!
Oh, shit, Obamacare!
Mitt Romney, hot buddies!
Monica Lewinsky, cigars!
Got milk!
Closer!
We did it!
Nerd milk!
It's been my pleasure to rip the fucking roof off this place!
Mic drop!
Sorry.
Oh, boy.
Dan Harmon.
Everybody.
In an unclosable show.
He closed it.
Keep your applause going if you would.
For Katie Levine, our audio recorder.
Dr. Keeber, our tech.
Emily Gordon, our producer of the live show.
Daniel Kramer, program director.
Dustin Marshall, podcast producer.
Mo Fathelbab, onsite director.
Jenny Fine, our fine artist.
Jeff Davis, this is Harmontown.
Thank you all for coming.
Spencer, our Dungeon Master.
Great patient, thank you.
Greg, our Dungeon Master assistants.
God bless you all for suffering through
what might be the greatest night in podcast history.
Let's all get drunk together, won't we?
We love you.
Danadoo.